#
#### Texts in screenshots is from channel C.h.1.r.0.n L.4.s.t , (replace symbols)

A quote from other: " 
How does one stop a duality? By fusing the two in one. This is the principle of neutrality, but the world is busy playing its games and is not interested in ending this cherade. Do not be concerned with the royal "we" because that keeps you involved in the "trap" playing your "part" in the storyline which is why 'trap' is an anagram for 'part.' Your name actually states it - to be caught in the "Silent G-Race" which is a race that no one can win. It is the 'G' of the crown that has been captured, and squared into a circle and thus rendered Si-lent. 'Si' is the seventh note of the musical solfege and 'G' is the seventh letter in the English alphabet. It is this "7th" aspect of us that is being "lent" to the "shadows" which creates the Si-Lent G-Race, or "Silent Grace" because mankind makes the gold of 'Sol' which is the 'G' note in the Do-Re-Mi-Fa-SOL scale. (C-D-E-F-G) As it has always been said, "silence is golden." That's the constant "goal of the den," or 'goal-den' (golden).The cycle of the libra/liberty scales is RE-peated because there is an insisted attachment to the constructs of this RE-ality. In this way the divided person continues to RE-cycle themselves into Sin (the moon) because they feel that they have "missed" the mark of their personal "goals." The Hebrew word for "sin" which is 'hamartanó' means "to miss." If a person is emotionally tethered to this place for any rea-SON, they are going to come back here because they "missed" their "mark" which is why the anagram for "karma" is "A Mark." This is usually based upon a "heaviness of heart" which is why the Egyptians had the allegory of the Duat and the Ma'at or "feather of Ma'at." If the heart of the 'ba' (persona/person) weighed more than the "feather" that person was not allowed to move on. It is a great symbol, as it depicts the heaviness that each of us may carry beyond this life due to guilt or the desire to "complete" things which can truly never be finished, or even the attachment to the closed circle of those a person deems the most important in their life. That's where most people give up entirely because to see beyond one's family, friends, or other attachments is just too much. This is why the "white-light" trap is a very easy program to work on the majority. Freedom is not just a simple idea to "played with" or to "dip your toes into" and try a little "sample taste" of. One is either ready for freedom and ready to let go of everything - or one is not.
"
